one explanation that it actually
happened as Colonel Holt reported the
other explanation is that it didn't and
in that case when is born to assume that
Colonel Holt and all his men were
hallucinating in 1980 I was a deputy
base commander RAF Bentwaters the
largest twin base complex in East Anglia
at the time this was the largest
Tactical Fighter Wing in the Air Force
in late December 1980 I was called upon
to investigate a very strange event our
police patrolmen discovered strange
lights in the forest east of the back
gate at RAF Woodbridge three patrolmen
were dispatched to investigate they
reported a strange craft triangular in
shape sitting on three legs we were on
security one which is in charge of
mobile security for the Woodbridge base
throws would say to Jim Penniston do you
see that you see do you see what's out
dead at that in the edge of the trees as
we approached it on foot a silhouette
triangular craft about nine feet long
six and a half feet high came into view
the craft was fully intact and sitting
in a small clearing just inside the
woods when we came up on the triangular
shaped craft there were blue and yellow
lights swirling around the exterior as
though they were part of the surface on
one side of the craft there were symbols
that measured three inches high and
their approximate about two and a half
feet long
these symbols ran from left to right
across and then underneath the those
that line of symbols was this I mean
there's something there right and
finding you don't know what it is it's
threatening to me but it wasn't the fact
that you were going to shoot on it and
also the fact was that what would happen
if I woulda shot Adam we suddenly
observed a very bright red orange object
it was oval and with a black center it
reminded me of an eye and it appeared to
be winking or blinking it maneuvered
horizontally through the trees with an
occasional vertical movement
the OSI Office of Special Investigations
its how should I say that the discreet
police is one way to put it they can
actually walk into the an office of the
general
and in there even arrested if you like
that's how powerful them so often is
cold when we come across the crystals
only remember possum do you remember
this stuff no I don't remember this
remember that time so I don't know so
how do we get this I don't know can we
can we can we have this Mumbai to suffer
to pick this off the ground
in hopes that they understood that
everything I said was the truth I think
I believe I gave my fishes lamb I would
think that was general Gordon Williams
the Wing Commander of the entire base he
would neither confirm nor deny the
incident he did however tell us how he
felt about a leaked memo written by
Deputy base commander Colonel Charles
halt that went under the door and I
didn't see it now did he have a
motivation and doing that did he think
that if he brought it in to me I would
have stepped on it I certainly would
have looked at it very carefully because
it had some things in there that I don't
think we were prepared to defend once
that cat was out of the bag you know I
couldn't put Humpty Dumpty back together
again and it lived its own life that the
kernel of an American Air Force Base in
Suffolk and his men are hallucinating
when there are nuclear armed aircraft on
the base must be of Defence interest if
indeed what he says took place did take
place and why on earth to do make it up
then surely the entry of a vehicle from
outer space
certainly not man-made to a defence base
in this country also cannot fail to be
of Defence interest
yes which by that has been yellow is
coming this way luckily coming this way
there's no doubt about this is weird
the final one like to the left
flashlight off there's something very
strange 15 well we've got an object
about 10 degrees directly saw every
Zampa rising left and the ones in order
to move it or to run away from us oh
yeah here he comes from the side he's
coming toward us now what appears to be
a beam but coming down to the ground
3:30 and the object is doing the sky
although the one